this is better than my imagination this
is more than a dream come true without
the slightest bit of hesitation I knew
what I was meant to do
who's on
what you see
when you are like a list
sometimes it's done
i gets out
Oh
now we add a little chromium bromate we
should be able to detect some slight
effervescence
forgive me I couldn't resist having a
little fun add just a little benzene to
the mixture you haven't changed a bit
then maybe there's a little hope oh you
know there's still a little hope when
your best friend always send you a card
on Thomas Edison's birthday oh the tub
part was getting that little light bulb
to go walk when you open the card genius
ah I brought you something what what's
this uh the demagnetizer our very first
invention together boy this sure came in
handy fun fun fun Beach Boys 1964 how
can you remember that it's the year
Nadine Baker dumped you don't be cruel
Elvis Presley 1956 you can't stop me hey
I don't have to whistle what are you
doing here I came to see my friend what
are you doing here you can't go in there
well maybe it has something to do with
the fact that you were both 13 at the
time hi What's Wrong John sorry dr.
Bennett dr. jeffcoat this guy says he
knows you I've never seen him before dr.
J it's all right he's okay thank you
John andrew clements I want you to meet
ray bed hi dr. J's told me all about you
you were the one who was arrested for
sneaking into the girls dorm actually
what it got away with it too except for
the run in my hose it hadn't been for
ray I never would have done anything to
grad school but grad school well you
were brilliant but you needed help in
the fun department my world is empty
without you The Supremes 1966 yo did I
miss something well this is a game of
the ray and I started playing back in
school whenever one of us names a song
the other has to say who sang it and
when I guess they didn't have video
games back then so why are you in town
actually I'm unveiling my new invention
at the International Science summit
tomorrow what is it um it's a secret wow
what kind of secret well a secret secret
Ray has invented something that could
put some wealthy people out of business
so that's why you have the mountain man
outside and he's invited me to be his
guest of honor great
hey there's a double bill of Godzilla
movies at the crest tonight oh I'm sorry
but ray and I have a lot of catching up
to do oh okay I guess I'll see you guys
later nice to meet you Andrew yeah
likewise ah good luck with your nice try
the usual pops who are you pops how long
have I been coming here exactly a long
time I'm a regular I should be able to
say the usual and have it mean something
you want a burger right win pickles
mustard onions and ketchup the usual
right right
hi it's Jeff there oh he went to the
concert with Bill
I just tell them Andrew called by what
surprise with that house do I usually
eat fries on weekends I'm not sure I'm
gonna let you sweat that one out
you ever miss teaching how sometimes
like when you see the look on kids faces
when they finally understand something
for the very first time oh but I wanted
to get back to the lab get my hands
dirty excuse me for a moment I mean I
know exactly how many pieces are left
well there's one left now hi dr. Jane
Andrew I thought we could catch the
second half of that double feature thank
you but we still have three more years
to catch up on I never saw you eat pizza
before it's not a pretty sight but it's
a special night hey how are you doing
Andrew okay I guess
hey if you're not busy tomorrow maybe
you'd like to join us at that science
summit thanks that'd be great I take
back everything I thought about you
this is my first scientific luncheon you
sure I look okay if there was a Nobel
Prize for clothes you've been it was
really nice of radio invite me do you
think he really wanted me to come or was
she worried that there wouldn't be
enough good-looking guys probably a
little of both
this word dr. Bennett time to change the
beds
let me check it out first
ok
another campus hi right hi who are you
bye hi say I didn't recognize you in a
suit yeah my mom says the same thing
mine too thanks for inviting me oh
you're more than welcome I'm sure there
aren't more young people here thank you
i hope you don't get bored oh no way I
get along great with old people two
children should be seen and not heard uh
you're right excuse me guys that Andrew
is something else Oh Andrew yes
Andrew something's wrong you think i'm
pigging out that are really good
ray is behaving very strangely it's it's
like talking to a stranger he's
preoccupied about presenting his
invention I'll prove it to you uh a
scotch in to mineral waters please you
see for yourself it's like a totally
different person
they're a scotch your favorite well you
haven't forgotten ah memories Elvis 1969
excuse me no excuse us
he didn't play the game right and his
favorite drink is not scotch and bourbon
that man is not rape we have a problem
not for long
well who is he I don't know but I just
can't believe that guy is ray must be a
double a double oh great now there's two
of them Andrew do I detect a note of
jealousy here would be a little Andrew
I'm sorry if you felt left out when Ray
came to town but now I think he's in
danger you're right petty jealousies
blinded me of my responsibility as
protector of the people i failed raise
Ultraman but no more I am all yours
Andrew let's calm down and try to think
like two rational human beings you stay
here and try to enjoy the party I will
go and look for Ray I still think this
is a job for ultra man oh don't I know
you you look very familiar how we met no
III don't think so I am sure we must
avoid was it the Oxford I'm afraid you
must have me confused with someone this
really has me stumped I mean I look I
really have what
Oh
ray demagnetizer is about to come in
handy again
his name
don't bother looking for your friend Ray
who is this what have you done with him
let's just say he's indisposed at the
pond look you better listen no you
better listen you've left your young
friend in a precarious position if you
don't back off he takes a tumble off the
roof good I never liked him anyway
excuse me sorry
ok
young man I hope you can help me me too
I've lost a contact lens you've got the
right guy huh thank you so where did you
lose it hmm out here
I think it's some oh there's
you
dr. G either I owe you an apology or
that woman's in a real bed hmm no time
for apologies come on
dr. J are you kidding Andrew you're not
talking to Andrew now you're talking to
ultra man's
Oh
dr. Jay are you okay ask me again when
my heart starts beating ray ray ray must
be drugged Oh at least they haven't
killed him didn't want to kill him they
want to discredit it by having raised
double sabotage the demonstration
you ready ray anytime we've got to wake
him up the only way is to get more
oxygen to his brain okay here it is you
go install raise double I'll keep an eye
on a woman get ray loose conscious and
up to the bone why don't you go install
raise double I'll keep an eye on the
woman get ray lewis conscious and after
the ballroom who can keep an eye on the
woman get this man unbound and up to the
ballroom in a hurry Ultraman are you
good point Andrew would be in big
trouble without you
so ladies and gentlemen gives me great
pleasure to introduce our honored guests
man glad you could make it you got a
spot on your shoe how far did you run to
tell me that he's a giant in the world
of scientific invention who consistently
pushes the boundaries to their limits
and beyond look no one will see my shoe
you can't go out there with that on your
shoe no one will see my shoe
I give you our friend dr. Raymond
Bennett dr. Bennett wish me luck good
luck
never mess with a soccer player well
there seems to be a unexpected delay
amazed
well here I go a funny thing happened to
me on the way to the meeting but that's
another story fellow scientists I would
like to demonstrate for you what I
believe to be a great technological
breakthrough with the help of my trusted
assistant andrew clements and after
Betty jeffco is everything ready baby we
already her all when you are in it let
the demonstration begin ladies and
gentlemen and my trusted daredevil
driver Brenda
and last but not least my contribution
to the progress of transportation
ladies and gentlemen the airless tires
helping with a new invincible strength
despair can never be destroyed faster
the way we can all profit and enjoy
truly safe and economical tire
has never been so happy to see anybody I
mean it come back and see you soon I
will I'd like to get to know you snake
in our gang 96 years very good nobody
learns quick well he's a super kid Ray
was great to see you again let's not
make it so long between visits okay I
agree so long Andrew take care you to
spank you in our gang I knew that do
that that driver the airport you'll
scare the horses Oh Benny don't worry
about the sulfite I put your krylon to
it probably won't effective to adversely
which krylon to buy have seventeen of
them
there is great double feature tonight
why don't you and I catch it my treat
thanks dr. Jake you're the best that's
what friends are for Dionne Warwick 1986
no us forever
ha
when you unlock
like your time
Oh
you